berrak unlikely times may have turned
tough for old Davey but he won't be run
afoul of any shelves it's too small
the real Flying Dutchman is much bigger
you know frightening slime-covered
monstrous sort of way
thanks a fine natural
sparrow
all have to do that
[Music]
Oh
it will be my pleasure to course you
should be at night
nothing to it then do to be handed why
can't these pirate Lords learn to behave
themselves quick I'm in this bridge
[Music]
I think I just lost a bit yeah
Oh
me gay you have such a bleep or a game
without the captain onion okay I'll call
you
that's it for me
could not ask for better mates or a more
satisfying winner